Lyricist: GEM Deng Ziqi Composer: GEM Deng Ziqi Arranger: Lao Dao / GEM Deng Ziqi / T-Ma Ma Jingheng Legend In Eden, the original love is not deceitful and simple. Every day, people are sincere and sincere to each other, dancing to the unique rhythm, smiling with an orange mouth until the snake Wrap around apples for you to bite until the crane pulls out our horn Poor Adam has since fallen into a cobweb to fight for bread First he has to learn to eat the soil The simple elephant evolves into a four-faced elephant Looking up in all directions and forgetting his hometown People They all want to reach the peak and plant their own flags Why does the pure white dove become history Trying to ride a BMW to buy a house is just so that the frog can become a prince The girl in gray is not respected The society does not care about tiny insects So the humble desire of a group of lambs is to work hard to squeeze into a desolate and vulgar paradise. Those rabbits won by turtles have deep red eyes and only envy others&#39; success every day, so they imitate cockroaches and climb walls everywhere. They are not afraid of the dark or dirty. I want to go to the glamorous prison cell and live in the skyscraper zoo. Civilization and beasts deal with each other. I look at the black and white faces and change color one by one. In a single thought, the human heart is too unpredictable and entangled between love and hate. Angels and devils are drawn around me. An endless circle Living in a skyscraper zoo I can only pray to God to give me clear eyes to see through beautiful lies little by little When you stand on the edge of desire Suddenly good and evil are hard to distinguish Angels and devils are by your side At this moment who are you kneeling in front of You and I were born white paper, but we were also written with too many crooked characters. The most helpless thing to grow up is to be practical and afraid to be a fool. No matter how helpless a person betrays, it is just an unavoidable incident of success. When a mouse falls in love with the smog, it cannot be noticed at the beginning. This kind of corruption, it slowly covers you like dominoes and poisons you. Tao Zuobu’s clothes are deliberately lacking pieces of cloth and become slaves of trendy brands. He sells his soul to make money. Each of them becomes popular quickly but becomes hungry. The monster in the mirror is surrounded by no one. Girls in gray are not respected The society doesn’t care about tiny insects, so a group of lambs’ humble desire is to squeeze into a desolate and vulgar paradise Those rabbits won by tortoises, their eyes are crimson, they only envy others’ success every day, so they imitate cockroaches everywhere Climbing the wall, not afraid of the dark, not afraid of dirty shit, but also licking poop, in order to go to the glamorous prison cell, living in the skyscraper zoo, civilization and beasts dealing with it, I watched the black and white faces change color one by one, and the human heart is too unpredictable to change in a single thought Entwined between love and hate Angels and devils are all around, drawing endless circles Living in a skyscraper zoo, I can only pray to God to give me clear eyes to see through beautiful lies little by little When you stand on the edge of desire, suddenly good and evil It’s hard to distinguish between the angels and the devils. At this moment, who are you kneeling in front of? Who’s lost in the concrete forest? Who’s always stepping on the bottom line of human nature? Who has been stepping on the lowest bottom line of human nature, who has been arbitrarily letting the disease go, who is actually remembering before accepting fate