Lyricist: GEM Deng Ziqi Composer: GEM Deng Ziqi Producer &amp; Arranger: GEM Deng Ziqi / T-Ma Ma Jingheng It&#39;s a pity that we finally come to a full stop The hummingbirds outside the window who don&#39;t want to fly are also mourning the city and will never hear us quarreling again, will you be less A little bit of worry Back to twelve years ago Memories are right in front of you You wore a hat and I looked shy But the first time we met you said you had foresight My innate talent was trained I could have a day I was naive and shy It’s rare to hear that it’s not like an adult who has the ability to recognize that it’s not for making money and sharing. I wish for my future that the songs I wrote have better chords. I took the lead when I first released the record. From now on, I won’t stand next to you in big scenes. I really appreciate and admire your vision. How did you think and end with you? You watched a flower slowly sprout, but I watched you slow down The wind blows slowly Desire gathers sand to form a tower Value slowly diverges too much disappointment My trust in you slowly collapses Unfortunately we finally come to a full stop The hummingbirds who don’t want to fly outside the window are also mourning The city will never hear us quarreling again Will you be less I got a little troubled and the clock ticked, do you still remember? Tell me something in your heart, do you still miss it? You said I was a commodity without you. These twisted truths almost destroyed my self-confidence. Now I’m awakened. Now I won’t cry again. Don&#39;t be afraid to stick to yourself and make the decision you didn&#39;t make right Do you know that in this life besides my dad you were the man I trusted the most But a blank doll will always grow up I&#39;m sorry I can&#39;t be your obedient fool forever It&#39;s a pity we finally Come (finally come) a full stop (a full stop) the hummingbirds outside the window are also mourning The city will never hear again (can’t hear) our quarrel (our quarrel) won’t you be a little less troubled (we) Finally came to a full stop) (Unfortunately, we finally came) How many times have you been in so many years (a full stop) You have made many mistakes but not much apology (Hummingbirds who don’t want to fly outside the window) But after the past, I don’t mind anymore (Also mourning) Precious rest assured, forget all the pain and injury (the city will never hear it again) all the memories of my youth (we quarreled) the love and hate are all you (will you be less troubled) hope you occasionally If I remember it, let me finish singing with all my heart and start again The hour hand is ticking, do you still remember? Tell me the truth, do you still miss it?