Lyricist: Basanyao Apu/Liao Jianzhi/Chen Haoyu Composer: Basanyao Apu/Liao Jianzhi/Chen Haoyu I will be a dog for you woof woof woof woof woof good brothers hold me back I have no time woof woof woof just walk with you You walk and bounce with you My Beibi loves high-end restaurants I opened a double B to be you Wu Boyi for the rest of my life My Beibi Don’t take out a loan to buy GUCCI I’ll buy it for you or do you want Bulgari My pious girlfriend controls my mobile phone and is open and honest. My friend said I have a hole in my head. I will be a dog for you. Good brother, I don’t have time. My dog, woof, only walks with you, walks with you, and bounces with you. My nose is happy. Tools, precious milk, salted crispy chicken, warm pick-up and delivery around the clock, my north nose is with you anytime, anywhere. If you have the opposite sex and no humanity, you can let go of the spring breeze. What are you doing? This useless thing OH NO I’m sorry my Moji is a real man who understands priorities and is not afraid of lack of loyalty and ambition. He is afraid of his girlfriend Sen77. He is afraid of me for a second. Be a dog for you, woof, woof, good brother, I don’t have time, woof, woof, just walk with you, walk with you and bounce with you every night, who said that a dog is too LOW, I’m happy Yeah, I don’t have enough money, I can’t say I’m always asking my friends to borrow it If you want to eat high-end meat, the master’s face will be a stinky concubine for the rest of your life, I used to be a beast, don’t say MOTHER FATHER, thank you for being led by a rope, it’s an iron chain and It’s still very heavy and on the verge of being scrapped. Who can understand this? It’s more provocative than Diao Chan’s trick. Who says that men are not bad and women don’t love me? Good girls all treat me as the dish of the day. Be a dog, woof, woof, good brother, I don’t have time, woof, woof, just walk with you, walk with you, and bounce with you, woof, woof, treat you so gentle and domineering Bounce with you every night and be a proud dog for you