Lyricist: Basanyao Apu Composer: Basanyao Apu When love is left as a relic, use pictograms to describe it as a memory and how many centuries will it be unforgettable? If I can go back to the Ice Age, I want to hold you tight, deal with your smile, and make my life sober. Losing your scenery, like a ruin, like a lost civilization, can it be a miracle, a glimmer of life, can we meet again, I want to see you, I just want to see you I want to see you in the future, in the past, I just want to see you travel through thousands of timelines, rely on each other in seas of people, use up logic and scheming to deduce the most difficult mystery of love, will you be waiting for a sentence like me? I am willing to let time change. The four seasons allow the universe to change things or the stars will never fade away. Fashion is young and sincere. Future advanced technology cannot simulate your warmth. If there is another time and space and another body, can we change to another ending? I want to see you across thousands and thousands of timelines, people are dependent on each other, exhausted logic and scheming to reason about the most difficult mystery of love, will you be waiting for a sentence like me, I want to see you every day, every day, every day The expression wants to cross every parallel. In the future and the past, we are closely related. I want to follow every IG. I don’t miss your trace. Will you also wait for that sentence? I want to see you. I only want to see you. Thousands and thousands of timelines, people are dependent on each other, exhausted logical reasoning, the most difficult mystery of love, will you be waiting for a sentence like me? This parallel is in the future and the past is closely interdependent. I want to follow every IG. I will not miss your trace. Will you also wait for that sentence? I want to see you every day and every day. I want to see you. Closely dependent on the past, I want to follow every IG and never miss your tracks, will you also be waiting for that sentence I am willing