Lyricist: Cai Zi/Huang Weijin/Chen Lingjiu Composer: Qiu Fengze/Zhang Weihong/Chen Lingjiu thought that I would disdain love more than anyone else, stumbled into the complex madness of this decadent generation, you laughed and didn&#39;t answer when you were questioned I carry the arrogance that he was proud of when he lost to me. The conversation that night was hearty and hearty. Everyone gets what they need. It’s impossible to get used to it. But you saw the clues earlier. I still deceived myself to suppress it. I deny my longing, struggle with contradictions, and enjoy the sweltering heat and tremors. Seeing the happiness that may be obtained, I am still wandering in the fast food love. I thought that I would disdain love more than anyone else. I stumbled into the complex madness of this decadent generation. Faced with questioning you Laughing but not answering, on me is the arrogance that he was proud of when he lost to me. The rainstorm came too suddenly. Love was bound and almost suffocated. I don’t want to admit that I lost. This game can’t help falling in love with you Oh Maybe you prove that I still have That incomplete humanity, this contradictory mood, the relationship between you and me at this moment, I just want to log out, shut down, how do I save my eyes, I deny my longing, struggle with contradictions, and enjoy the smoldering heat and trembling, the happiness that may be obtained in my eyes, but I am still eating fast love Wandering in the midst of it I thought I disdain love more than anyone else Stumbled into the complex madness of this decadent generation Facing questions, you laughed and didn’t answer. On me was the arrogance he was proud of when he lost to me. When the enthusiasm faded I But it’s still here to ignite the restlessness in my heart, it’s not loneliness I thought I’d disdain love more than anyone else Stumbled into the complex madness of this decadent generation Facing questions, you smiled and didn’t answer You put on me the reason why he lost to me Proud arrogance shouldn&#39;t be expected from the beginning