Lyricist: Fang Wenshan Composer: Jay Chou&#39;s letter is unpacked, who is embarrassed? But a few lines of beautiful handwriting are gentle but sentimental. You put on light makeup on your heart. What you should say is carefully collected. In the twilight, the moonlight on the Yang Arch Bridge. The frost has condensed the past and the reeds are blooming. The year is already cold like frost and the road is far away. It’s too difficult to say that it’s too difficult to write the pen and the sound of the ancient orchid’s zither outside the window adds to the loneliness. I left a few lines of ink and tears fell, and my thoughts left on the paper. The whole sentence is smudged. It’s too hard to write. There are many euphemistic words, I walked through the bleak autumn, and I waited for the miscanthus to turn yellow, and I looked into the distance and sighed lightly Every few rivers, how many turns does a letter take? Destiny falls on the outside of the mountain. The reeds are blooming. The age is cold and frosty, and the road is far away. No one asks who is warm, who is on the other side of the world, a sentence is very safe, don’t read you, it is too difficult to write a pen, the sound of ancient orchids outside the window adds to the loneliness, I have left a few lines of ink, and tears have fallen, and my thoughts are left on the paper. The whole sentence is blurred. Don&#39;t miss you, it&#39;s too hard to write a pen, why go away from Xiaoxiang, you speak so euphemistically, walk through the bleak autumn cool, wait for the miscanthus to turn yellow, and I look away and sigh softly The sound of the orchid piano adds to the loneliness, the sound of the piano adds to the loneliness, I have left a few lines of ink, and tears have fallen, tears have fallen, and thoughts have left on the paper, a whole sentence is smudged. You are so euphemistic, you walk through the bleak autumn, wait for the miscanthus to turn yellow, and the fish and geese will no longer go back and forth