Lyricist: Fang Wenshan Composer: Jay Chou Old bookstalls and empty beer cans scattered on the ground Scrapped memories There are rust spots on the side of the road Some kind of indifference permeates this small town The pace of the city is so slow The reflection of the neon lights flickering Leaning on the window and missing Can the beautiful time meet again in the old station, the empty carriages, nostalgia for the people coming and going in the past, the light bulbs on the signboards dimly lit at night, the past backpacks are left in a foreign land, so I decided to leave this place when you received the letter I kept the promises of those years in my heart when I was wandering. In the photos I carried with you, you smiled. How are you now, my dear? When you received the letter, I was still wandering. I remembered the alleys we walked hand in hand. I still remember the church where I kissed for the first time when I was young. There is the wall where the heart is drawn together, the reflection of the flashing neon light leaning against the window and missing the beautiful time, can we meet again in the old station, the empty carriages, nostalgic for the people coming and going in the past, the light bulbs of the signboards dimly lit at night, the backpacks of the past I just stayed in a foreign land, so I decided to leave this place. When you received the letter, I was still wandering. I kept the promise of that year in my heart. In the photo I carried with you, you smiled. How are you now, my dear, when you received the letter, I was still wandering. Thinking of the alleys we walked hand in hand I still remember the church where we kissed for the first time when we were young and the wall where we drew love together When you received the letter I was still wandering around and kept the promise of that year in my heart The way you smile in the photos I carry with you My dear, how are you now? When you received the letter, I was still wandering. I remembered the alleys we walked hand in hand. I still remember the church where we kissed for the first time when we were young, and the wall where we painted hearts together.