Lyricist: Fang Wenshan Composer: Jay Chou Hi~ Chick! Want to get in my car? Hmm~ I&#39;m handsome! Are you ready? Going for a ride? The blue houseboat on the water and the long boardwalk are like landscape illustrations. Describe the happiness in travel in detail. Your smile is the angle from which I appreciate the world. I focus on remembering the sweet feeling at this moment that will never end. Smiling kangaroo Let&#39;s take care of this journey of love together I don&#39;t know what to say about the confession I&#39;m still walking on the moon You laugh at me This shy face is red like a monkey with bare buttocks The pink ocean You look back and smile like cotton candy in the sky Gently Taste the appearance of love Our story is like a dream The pink ocean is shining with the setting sun The heart-beating time is stretched by you The sweet and fruity fragrance is full of wishes Happiness is right here with you The blue houseboat and the long boardwalk on the water are like Scenery illustrations describe the happiness in travel in detail. Your smile is the angle from which I appreciate the world. I focus on remembering the sweet feeling at this moment. It will never end. The road on this island, the smiling kangaroo, let’s take care of this journey of love together, the confession I don’t know what to say, still walking on the moon, you laugh at me, my shy face is like a monkey with bare buttocks, the pink ocean, you look back and smile like cotton candy in the sky, the way you taste love lightly, our story is like a dream, the pink ocean flashes Looking at the setting sun, the heart-pounding time is elongated by you Sweet and fruity aroma Rich in wishes Happiness is where you are The pink ocean You look back and smile like cotton candy in the sky Tasting love lightly Our story is pink like a dream The ocean is shining with the setting sun, the heart-beating time is stretched by you The sweet and fruity fragrance is full of wishes Happiness is in the place where you are