Lyricist: Namewee Huang Mingzhi Composer: Namewee Huang Mingzhi Arranger: Jaydon Joo Blowing the wind and wiping tears Alone so tired The night is too dark, the sky is too gray The scenery is hangover The whole heart is broken and trying to put it back together You were once my best My dear, don’t guess, don’t hold back, and never defend. This ending may be too paradoxical. I feel sad. I don’t know how to face who is wrong. Who should believe who? I feel too stupid and ashamed. Let me repent quietly alone. Perhaps the answer lies in At the end, maybe a miracle will give feedback. Maybe time can crush everything. You don’t understand my world collapsed. You don’t understand my heart has crashed. I followed desperately without complaints and regrets, but I was emptied by you, and then pushed down. You don’t understand my world collapsed. You don&#39;t understand my heart has crashed and retreated quietly Holding back the tears I&#39;m afraid you&#39;ll find that I&#39;m withered and no longer perfect Blowing the wind and wiping my tears Alone so tired The night is too dark, the sky is too gray The scenery is hungover The whole heart is broken Trying Put it all back together You used to be my dearest snuggle Don’t guess or keep and never defend This ending may be too paradoxical I feel sad I don’t know how to face who is wrong Who should believe who I feel too stupid and ashamed Let me confess quietly alone Maybe the answer is at the end Maybe a miracle will return Maybe time can crush everything You don’t understand my world collapsed You don’t understand my heart has crashed I tried my best to follow without complaints and no regrets but I was emptied by you Push down, you don’t understand my world collapses, you don’t understand my heart has crashed, retreat quietly, hold back the tears, I’m afraid you will find that I’m withered, I’m no longer perfect, don’t regret it, at least you used to be my reliance, my position, you don’t understand My world is broken You don&#39;t understand My heart is broken You don&#39;t understand My heart is broken You don&#39;t understand My heart is broken Quiet retreat Holding back tears I&#39;m afraid You find that I have withered and am no longer perfect. Don’t think about who is right and who is wrong. There will always be a way to get out of the siege. When there is a lot of trouble, everyone will retreat. The story will have an end, so that public opinion will slowly run aground, and the truth will slowly emerge. Say goodbye and don&#39;t think about who owes who. Maybe one day, somewhere, I will meet you by chance. Let each other calm down. Let the resentment fly to ashes and annihilate. Bless you, the road ahead is as bright as it is. Cherish goodbye tonight.