Lyricist: Basanyao Apu Composer: Basanyao Apu Arranger: Basanyao, Jerry C, Lai Weizhe Why do you have to live so tired in life? How to please everyone and every mouth? When likes and comments define who I am, does happiness also need karma? Being yourself is too thoughtful. Some people roll their eyes, but try to cater to others, and some people are afraid of being labeled by someone. Is it dangerous to live a life that is standard and not risky? I don&#39;t need everyone to love everything about me I just need one chance to love myself I believe even if it&#39;s not perfect A rock can be a star Without those tears left How can you understand how precious dreams are Little people bear misunderstandings Pick up a smiling face like you I long for one day to become a classic and unreasonable world How can I protect my original intention from being destroyed if I pour cold water on the hot blood? I don&#39;t need everyone to love everything about me I just need one chance to love myself I believe even if it&#39;s not perfect A rock can be a star Without those tears how precious dreams are, those superheroes have blood like you One day you have tears, wanna run away, it’s actually not shameful, but if you can’t let it go, don’t back down Remember your most honest face Those who love me and spray me don’t get tangled up Whatever I love and stick to me will eventually define who I am I don&#39;t need everyone to love everything about me. I just need to love myself once in a lifetime. I believe that even if it&#39;s not perfect, a rock can be a star. If you don&#39;t shed those tears, how can you understand how precious dreams are? I believe that even if it&#39;s not perfect, a rock can be Be a star If you don’t shed those tears, how can you understand how precious dreams are? Don’t be afraid to shed tears. When your eyes shine brightly, I won’t make life so tiring, and I won’t please everyone, every mouth, and the whole world doesn’t understand. It doesn’t matter. Only through tears can you understand how precious dreams are, right?