Lyricist: Pan Yun&#39;an Composer: Pan Yun&#39;an Arranger: Sue five people Accusefive Cherish suddenly becomes a no big deal Time goes by, I&#39;m afraid full of feelings will be too like a child who is always in the intention of being told that it is for a good future to reward the world&#39;s sinister things. How do you judge? How do you know that ugly people do more mischief? I can only go straight to my heart. I found you. I still give in to my emotions and dare not think about the future. Ugly people do more mischief. Relying on not acknowledging and still wanting to lie. On the way to self-fulfillment, you will inevitably encounter disgusting moments. For example, who is working too hard, who is too anxious, who is too orderly, who encourages whom, the problem may become difficult to grasp, or in fact, you have something else Conspiracy, then expose the mask, expose the morality, let you continue to believe that justice is unintentional, ugly people make more troubles, I can only stab my heart, I found you, I still give in to emotions and dare not think about the future, ugly people will make more troubles, you&#39;d better do everything from reality You found out the debt, I&#39;m sorry, I&#39;m honest, I don&#39;t have any reliance, I don&#39;t admit it, I still want to play tricks on you, ugly people do more mischief, but there is no evidence to explain that you are not afraid of the sky falling when you are a genius, I am going to shoot you in the heart, ugly people do more mischief to you It’s best to come from the truth, no matter whether you love it or not, whoever’s expectations are fulfilled, I know all about ugly people making troubles, I can only stab my heart and find you, I still give in to my emotions and dare not think about the future, ugly people make troubles more You’d better get it all from the facts. I’m sorry, I’m honest, I’m not dependent, I don’t admit it, and I still want to play tricks. Ugly people do more mischief, but there is no evidence to prove that you are not afraid of the sky falling when you are a genius. I am going to shoot you in the heart. There are many ugly people making troubles, you’d better bring them all from the truth, no matter whether you love or not, whose expectations are fulfilled, I understand it all, you understand it in your heart, cherishing suddenly becomes a no big deal, as time goes by, I’m afraid that full of feelings will be too much like a child often Being told that it is to reward the world with sinister intentions for the sake of a bright future, how to judge how to know that ugly people do more mischief