Lyricist: Tongzi-T / Shingo.S Composer: Tongzi-T Arranger: Yan Jin The memories between us are all carefully collected I always cry secretly like a tired bird that has lost its return date I hope the end of the love I believe in is firmly held The time is rushing in my palm but the past is not lost. I hope we have a bright future and the expectation of being able to hold the starry sky. But why does reality make me feel so slack? I always miss when we met when we ignored fallen leaves and seas of people. It’s you who often help me take care of the potted plants that hold my dreams. Every day we’re so happy until it’s getting late. Watching the sunset, I can’t help but leave. I know you love collecting stamps, laughing, and even being in a daze. I know you’re afraid of grass bugs and night monsters. I like it. You are a little absent-minded, you look like a child back when you were seven years old, how can I confess my feelings to you, but I don’t dare to love until the whole universe wakes up in a state of anxiety and panic about me, it’s like darkness Afterwards, the dawn blooms, all the memories between us are carefully collected, I always cry secretly like a tired bird, the date of return is lost, I hope the ending of the love I believe in is tightly held in my palm, time is rushing, but the past is not lost That day you promised to accept it on the corner of the street after the rain My love, at that moment my world has color, this life can’t forget about the clear blue color You quietly appeared in my situation like a gift We play games all day from early in the morning to watch my favorite drama together at night to be able to have These are lucky enough I don&#39;t expect anything else We often argue with each other Don&#39;t answer the phone In the same room Finally call Indifference Arrive also thought about the future life No one cares about throw away love Only a cruel scar And those you sent me My dreams teach me how to fold flowers The midsummer of escape Light the fireworks for me when the night sky disappears Let me piece together the happiness when I am lonely I hope the ending of the love I believe in is firmly in my hands Time flies but the past is not lost We can grow up like children (grow up the same way) Forever without fear and without hesitation Toward the unknown front It turns out that we strive to grow into something that looks like adults every day The appearance, so that we can cross the mountains and oceans together, I prayed every day to make this dream come true How are you? Are you as infinitely gentle as before? How are you now? I hope you can keep a heart like the moon and love yourself The date of return is lost I hope the ending of the love I believe in is in my hands Time flies but the past is not lost Collecting the memories between two people alone Even if it comes to this time I cry Why everything, it has become like this, can’t go back to the past But I still want to thank you for giving me love Every scene is a proof of our love Even now, the sky is far apart, I wish you the rest of life, I collect the memories between two people alone Even when it comes to this time I cry Why everything, It has become like this, I can&#39;t go back to the past But I still want to thank you for giving me love Every scene is a proof of our love Even now, the world is far apart, I will put the memories together for you