Lyricist: Naughty Boy MJ116 Composer: Naughty Boy MJ116 Producer/Arranger: Tipsy Kao Makes the crooked flower The children are staggering around the city sleepwalking and beat beat Get low low Mi Casa Su Casa overplaying Our ambiguous relationship is like Mr. and Mrs. Smith. A little bit of stimulation and the body temperature soars Squeeze some lemons on her skin several times. I am repeatedly fascinated by her spicy choking. I really can&#39;t help her. Everyone is fighting for her. The pockets are gone. She is a master at socializing. Her unique scent on social makes me forget about my worries. It&#39;s so ugly, I&#39;m fascinated by her, it&#39;s like a walking dead, her body is exquisite, it can be called high-end, everything about her conquers me, I don&#39;t even want to keep it for me Give me a chance to catch up too fast, she will let you call Xilei and slowly taste her charm to catch the essence. When I need her most, she won’t be easy on me and get tired of being sloppy. Children are swaying, sleepwalking in the city and beat the beat. Get low low Mi Casa Su Casa overplaying Woo Sweet Baby Sweet Baby walk with me to meet some real homies Woo Sweet baby Sweet baby make a small cup of little baby little baby let them collide this smell is enough to make you faint I see it all A mysterious black forest in thick fog I squinted my eyes to catch the neon body It was all a dream Now I&#39;m finally living the dream My mouth is dry I&#39;ve sucked in too much cold air Now I need to replenish now please small volume Her curves Is it plump and pushes away the little girl? I enjoy her company. Are you happy or melancholy? She wears a dress tonight, the white I love, and always attracts a bunch of passionate women who don’t match, but makes people want to keep your sister. Everything else Asbale makes crooked flowers Children swaying City sleepwalking and beat Get low low Mi Casa Su Casa Overplaying Woo Sweet Baby Sweet Baby walk with me to meet some real homies Woo Sweet baby Sweet baby Get a little baby in a small cup Little baby Since the gold-encrusted guests fill the entire dining table, it’s true that brotherhood is important. Drink first, let’s talk about fish and meat. Why am I the only one who drank too much? Everyone’s eyes shifted and flickered. In front of them came a wheat-colored blonde with a spicy accent. It’s just playing tricks on people’s minds. People are dizzy. What a new trick. No gold. Players are beaten by bosses as newbies, so they ask you if you walk crookedly. The background sound is too loud. Maka is slow to offer Weiwa gold fake card Guyi Yeah Yeah Brother Sheng, he will never be high enough Everyone here is an elite Don&#39;t just stay in the box and sit in the nonsense Don&#39;t follow the yellow sir to send wine glasses Don&#39;t be empty and then have some Jinbin Highball woo Get l ow low Mi Casa Su Casa overplaying Woo Sweet Baby Sweet Baby Come with me for a walk and meet some real homies Woo Sweet baby Sweet baby Make a small cup of little baby, little baby