Lyricist: Xiong Zai Composer: Xiong Zai, Wu Zhuoyuan is busy on TV and has no time to watch TV Turn on KKBOX My name is a keyword again I’m sorry I keep shuffling and appearing in various playlists Shout out to all my fans Keep me in the loop over and over You keep repeating the last one in your ears and it hasn’t even made it off the list. The next one is about to be on the list. I don’t need a lot of pomp and ostentation to put the big labels in the sea. Just wear a coat and sit on the throne for too long, the intervertebral discs are a little crooked Oh there I am again I just win and win and win This goes out to all my ex&#39;es how u Like me now I have been shortlisted for the Golden Sound Award like I have thanks Tickets but the villain was not nominated Did the judges take drugs Oh there I am again We just win and win and win Let them wonder if we bought the charts All day long it&#39;s always my song, my song Opening the rankings is like In the lottery oh my every day New Year&#39;s Eve We just win win win like buying charts All day long it&#39;s always my song, my bad Actually I don&#39;t want to dominate the rankings like this You don’t need to buy ads. Open Facebook. Every time there is a report, I see others sharing about me. I’m sorry. Sister Xiaoqi hopes you can really understand this industry. Some variety show imitation shows want me to imitate a clown brother, you are really humorous, how can you ask a rapper to imitate a singer who imitates a rapper? If you want a horse, tell him to fight with me. It&#39;s too high, it&#39;s cold at the top, I knew I would wear a coat, and the throne sits on the throne for too long, and the discs are a little crooked Oh there I am again I just win and win and win This goes out to all my ex&#39;es how u Like me now I have been shortlisted for the Golden Sound Award. It seems that I have votes but the villain was not nominated. Did the judges take drugs? always my song, my song Opening the ranking is like drawing a lottery long it&#39;s always my song, my bad In fact, I don&#39;t want to occupy the rankings like this