Lyricist: Naughty Boy MJ116 Composer: Naughty Boy MJ116 Arranger: Wang Chunyi Jo$h Beat$ Ten Powerful Wonka GOLDEN TICKETS Who should I bring with me? 4 5 6 Millions I&#39;m gonna split it Read it Ten thousand volumes of books are better than ten thousand miles of travel. I am out of high school. Nine jobs are just a springboard to earn my first pot of money. Start a business and help myself raise my salary. Aberdeen is not only cool, he can pile sand into a mountain with his hands, and he doesn’t need to hold his brother’s hand for an hour to attack the mountain together tonight. Every handshake can make the situation different. Like a KING KONG High-level APE on the surface Donate my Clothes worth 100K My city needs more love Frequent rainy days Keep up with You will learn some This is Training day I take what I want Get my hands dirty There is no free lunch delivered to my door I rely on my brain to make money Everywhere I go KA- CHING KA-CHING Super Mario Young Dong Young Dong eats too well and dare not laugh anymore Fat young Dong Young Dong goes out at night and brings a few young boys and young Dong not hiding secrets Brothers make a deal together Only cash is not embarrassing 3:30 decision Resolutely make money, don’t shrink your belly, I’ll be a role model, boldly come out to eat, don’t care if he carries bricks or digs out flats, don’t talk about it, just for the family to enjoy, I work hard, Ruan, the whole bowl, always take care of people who are suffering, build a brother’s safe haven Soldiers come to me Take your buddies with you, even if you die before, you still have to risk your life, you still have to go to heaven to reward your work, you have to curry favor and don&#39;t take shortcuts. Chapters are easy to write, and you are like walking on thin ice. Dare to laugh again Fat boy Dong Shaodong goes out at night and brings some young boys Young boy Dong eats too well Don’t dare to laugh again Fat boy Dong young Dong goes out at night Bring some young boys I roll up my hands and sleeves I don’t want to look again Who’s expression is exhausted to keep yourself from getting a little hungry and build your own background? The rise of teenagers is all self-made, wanting to make a household name and earn a few more zeros. Don’t just look at it and think about how to do it. Get tens of thousands of monthly salary. You’ve long been used to watching others make money. Remove the famous brand tag OFF WHITE COZY Mercedes-Benz side by side Boss life Dong Zai likes to solve problems, whether it’s a phone call or a meeting, a three-way relationship is not a get-rich-quick mood. The reason why Dong Zai is a dick is to put together from the bottom. Line up on the left and right are partners with the same big heart Business revolves around us Use your heart to lead people to write biographies for me after death I take what I want Dirty my hands I don’t have a free lunch delivered to my door I rely on my brain to make money Everywhere I go KA-CHING KA-CHING Super Mario Young boy Dong Young boy Dong eats too well to dare to laugh anymore Fat boy Dong Young boy Dong goes out at night and brings some youngsters