Lyricist: Naughty Boy MJ116 Composer: Naughty Boy MJ116 The northern accent shakes off the middle accent shakes down the southern accent shakes down shakes down the music break to see her take off her shirt the music break to see her take off her coat she was squandering everything until she didn&#39;t have this The unit doesn’t welcome cheapskate. You don’t need to go back with hundreds of thousands of cash in your pocket. Even if you have a home tonight, you don’t need to go back to the 82-year-old Lafite carpaccio with truffles. You laugh at me. I paid all the tips for young people who played all the way from Jinzhou Street to Zhongxiao East Road. They stuffed Mrs. Huang into their pockets. HIGH Who still hides in the corner and talks on the phone to deal with my wife, you better go home early. Necklace to help me arrange a new lady Hot Taiwanese girl wine and wealth Taipei Wearing a pure gold necklace Help me arrange a new young lady Hot Taiwanese girl Shake off the Iraqi accent Shake off the central accent Shake off the southern accent Shake off Shake off Music episode Watch her take off her shirt Music episode Watch her take off her shirt She is we don&#39;t say If you dare to play, sit down and give me a plate of SHOTS and watch me win all your clothes. Take off all your clothes. We don’t care about favors at night, it’s better to only talk about cash. The whole show is full of beauties and drinks until the morning. Let me deal with the most enthusiastic local accents, all of them are inlaid with gold, for them I will continue to open a few more bottles of champagne, quickly take off your shirt, give off a charming fragrance, and give you all the money Don&#39;t tell your father that he is sick, drunk and rich Taipei, wearing pure gold Necklace help me arrange a new lady, hot Taiwanese girl, drunk, rich and prosperous Taipei wearing a pure gold necklace, help me arrange a new young lady Bottom hot Taiwanese girl Spicy Taiwanese girl shakes down the northern accent shakes down the central accent shakes down the southern accent shakes down shakes down the music episode to watch her take off her shirt the music episode to watch her take off her shirt she is wearing a water ghost Wear gold jewelry on your neck and don’t take the MRT. It’s best not to scratch my Mercedes. Where I’m going to play it depends on my mood. Why do you change posts? Mark comes to friends to find food, come to fall in love, get dizzy, fall into the cliff, swipe the card frame and let go, bring a bag next time, come to the store, never sign a single, play with a swollen face, pretend to be a fat person, and not go out, afraid of trouble Ruan Dare to play, dare to be a prodigal today Miss sees us as if we are eating upside-down seeds. Taipei is wearing a pure gold necklace. Help me arrange a new lady. Hot Taiwanese girls. Hot Taiwanese Girl Saodi Hot Taiwanese Girl Hot Taiwanese Girl WU Hot Taiwanese Girl Hot Taiwanese Girl Saodi Hot Taiwanese Girl Shake Down Iraqi Northern accent Shake down Central accent Shake down Southern accent Shake Shake down music Watch her take off her shirt in the episode Music episode Watch her take off her shirt She is