Lyricist: Huang Mingzhi Composer: Huang Mingzhi Arranger: Xiao Qixian Drift to the North Don&#39;t ask me the towering and ancient city walls of my hometown can&#39;t stop the sadness I drift to the North Is my family safe? The heavy bags on my shoulders are full of melancholy Some people say he owes a debt in his hometown To pile up money, you need to avoid the limelight. Some people say that you have practiced martial arts, but you have no chance to show off. Some people lose themselves and are at a loss. Some people wander around for dreams and three meals. Everyone is from other places. He buried his head in writing his resume, held many longings in his arms, went back and forth on the 930 Highway, hoped for a miracle in his heart, endured tears (regrets that he didn’t listen to and didn’t want to dare to look back), covered his wounds (carrying on the dream, we must be resolute) Go wandering) look up (take off the halo of self-esteem, the past is more beautiful) look at the setting sun (even if you are defeated, you can’t surrender) dear (goodbye to the south and look at the most beautiful hometown) in the distance (the coconut tree shakes and the dream reflects the illusion) This city (the smog is so rampant that you can’t see the front clearly) I’m too confused I’m drifting to the north Don’t ask me the towering and ancient city walls of my hometown can’t stop the sadness I’m drifting to the north Is my family okay and the heavy bags on my shoulders are full of melancholy too In the end, he hoped that he could not return to the distant place. The air was too dirty and cloudy. He said he didn’t like the car. It was too chaotic and too hasty. He wasn’t used to the squinting and indifferent eyes on the sidewalk. Stumbling Erguotou shaking Frustrated people Occasionally drunk in the alleys Chewing belly and mutton with a bowl of hot soup in hand Warming the restlessness in my heart Enduring tears (regrets that don’t listen or don’t want to look back) Cover up Injury (carried down the dream and resolutely go to wandering) Look up (take off the halo of self-esteem, the past is so beautiful) look at the setting sun (even if you are defeated, you can’t surrender) dear (goodbye to the south and look at the most beautiful hometown) in the distance ( Coconut trees swaying (illusions reflected in dreams) This city (the smog is too rampant to linger so I can’t see the front clearly) I’m too confused I’m drifting to the north Don’t ask me the towering ancient city walls of my hometown can’t stop the sadness I’m drifting to the north Is my family okay? The heavy luggage on my head is full of melancholy, like the dust drifting with the wind, who can lead me to fly together I stand in the center of the Temple of Heaven with my eyes closed, praying for the safety of my family and drifting to the north Don’t ask me, the tall and ancient city walls of my hometown can’t stop me I am sad, I am drifting to the north, is my family safe? The heavy bags on my shoulders are full of melancholy (floating to the north) I stand at the feet of the emperor and I am out of breath (don’t ask me where I come from) Walking on Qianmen Street will always diverge from the crowd The ancient city wall) Maybe I don&#39;t belong here at all I should have left long ago (I can&#39;t stop the sadness) Who can give me a fatal blow please use it hard (I&#39;m drifting to the north) This is the center of dreams But dreams are far away (Is the family safe?) This is the holy place for dreams to come true, but it is always confusing (heavy bags on the shoulders) How many people are no match for the cruel reality and disappeared (full of melancholy) How many people fell into a coma and left an empty shell corpse ( It’s also my last hope) Rest In Peace Don’t ask me about my hometown where I can’t go back