Lyricist: Ayo97 Composer: 겁나- Melody Day How are you doing lately? The one in my story Hainan has no snow in winter, but it doesn’t affect him blooming. Since you left, I returned to the home without you. This is the place I said I want to marry her, you are the most memorable level in my life, I was injured by the heavy rain while holding the guitar, I went downstairs to your house and wandered around for you, I made a fool who could only sing You are not someone no one wants Female classmate, who would take the trouble to comfort that ignorant boy? I walked into your world. Don’t blame me for being too dazzling. I would trade ten years of hard work for your smiling face for an hour. You were so cute at the time, but can you get closer? How did you make me think about your big adventure? The photos from the past are still in that room. Everything from the past is still imprinted in my heart. Thank you for being here. Even if you are a passer-by, I can’t let it go. You can’t hear every word I said. Scenes of memories are constantly emerging. No regrets. I once loved, cried, suffered, and suffered. It’s all worth it. If you’re sad, don’t forget me. I don’t want any of the ones you gave me. I hope you will also smile and walk through the front intersection. Our story will end here. Why don’t you talk? I hope you live better and I won’t let it go. Don’t continue reading Look at me, you really should listen to your dad. Only by looking at your back can I speak my heart. The photos from the past are still in that room. Everything from the past is still imprinted in my heart. Thank you for being here. I can’t bear to let go of every word I said, you can’t hear it anymore Memories are constantly emerging Don’t regret it Once loved, cried, hurt, it’s all worth it If you’re sad, don’t forget me I can&#39;t let go of every word I said, you can&#39;t hear it anymore Memories and scenes are constantly emerging Don&#39;t regret it Once loved, cried, hurt, it&#39;s all worth it If you&#39;re sad, don&#39;t forget me Forget me