Lyricist: Rabbit Bros Composer: Rabbit Bros I want to cross this desert to find my true self. There is only one camel to accompany me. The wind blows through that cloud and floats across. Suddenly, a small river of love appears and I step on the desert boat. A pipe and an hourglass still holding a jug of spirits in hand The long ancient road is long and endless, joys, angers and sorrows only the camels are still running around, ghosts and legends, ghosts and demons, only the eagles are singing faintly, flying across the sky, yellow sand, everywhere Walking in the corner in the endless boundless star river Day and night intertwine so enchanting and graceful I am wasting the years and myself I am lost in front of me Too much persistence can be free and easy Walking out of the darkness can be free and happy I am looking for a desert oasis and a mirage appears I seem to see her waiting there and remember Her tenderness burns my chest and gets lost in last night&#39;s jug of old wine I put on my big leather shoes and walk across the freezing wilderness I feel like I&#39;m traveling to another world Aladdin&#39;s magic lamp is about to tilt Heaven and hell have overlapped and suddenly a butterfly comes flying what Ghosts, legends, ghosts, monsters, monsters, only the herons and eagles singing faintly, flying across the sky, yellow sand, walking around every corner, walking in the endless vast river of stars, day and night intertwined, so enchanting and graceful, wasting time and self Darkness can be free and happy. I have fallen into this magical country. The camel bell is accompanied by the road to the sanctuary. Forgive me for being lost in a trance. I covered my eyes and lost my intentions. In the faint singing, the yellow sand is flying across the sky, walking in every corner, walking in the endless vast galaxy, the day and night are intertwined, so enchanting and graceful, wasting the years and wasting the self, lost in the way ahead, too much persistence to be free and easy. Up to the first wave, ups and downs, wandering about the future, wandering about the lonely and long journey of life, how can the countless boiling time be desolate in the early morning and at dusk, the birds flocking to the sky, tracing the loess in the east, the fish belly white in the east, the scorching sun blooming and revealing Let go of the dust, I&#39;m on my way home