Lyricist: Chen Yurong/Lin Muyuan Composer: Chen Yurong/Lin Muyuan Arranger: Michelin@跃蛋工作室EGGO Music Production Now I start to pay when I go out, only to realize that my life has changed. In less than ten days I got more bitches, more sex, more witness Wrong text emoji few peaches Let’s live in peace Don’t have any more troubles 08 No time to wait for the court session Tell me to replace the second-hand car to match your identity I love my old car Although I can’t open Jiufen, my relatives ask me to sing a song every time I go home during Chinese New Year. I can’t sing. I’m trying to show my face. Seeing that the dream is coming soon, I have nothing to complain about. There are still a lot of secrets that I can’t tell about on my iPhone All u motherfuckers hate I&#39;m living the dreams So bless so bless Boy I living the dreams Hey how you doing How are you doing lately Man I saw you on TV and a few magazines Fly next week and tell me some stories Hey how you doing How about Man I saw you on TV and have a few magazines? Next week, I’ll fly somewhere and tell me some stories. Listen to me and I’ll tell you what I said. I&#39;m afraid you&#39;ll laugh, I said I said I said I said I&#39;m cheating, I&#39;m cheating, I&#39;m not Call me young CEO you already know Nope nope It’s all about the exaggeration of the media Except for making the most money is the insults on the Internet Anyway, it’s not bad anyway Watching my mother’s star mother in the vegetable market all day showing off her son flying everywhere like a belt In front of her relatives, she can feel elated. Why do I pay for the meal? She said that it is easy for her son to make money. She said congratulations. The boss has all the items on the shelf and put them on for me. As he talked, he questioned him. He wanted to know the truth. The world tour actually cost me a few hundred million dollars. It’s just cheating and cheating. I’m not really rich yet. I&#39;m holding GTR, I&#39;m really cheating, cheating and eating money, so I keep getting bigger, I&#39;m not rushing about anything, I&#39;m living the dreams So bless so bless Boy I living the dreams Hey how you doing, how are you doing recently Man I saw you on TV and a few magazines, fly somewhere next week and tell me some stories Hey how you doing How are you doing recently? Man I saw you on TV and I still have a few magazines. I’ll fly there next week and tell me some stories. I’ll tell you what I said. No, cheat, cheat, cheat, say it, I&#39;m afraid you&#39;ll laugh, I said, I said I said cheat, cheat, cheat, cheat, cheat, cheat, cheat, cheat, cheat, cheat, cheat, cheat, cheat, cheat Occasionally counting money at home Man I work like this, talk like this They call me young CEO Work like this, talk like this They call me young CEO Work like this, talk like this They call me young CEO Work like this, talk like this They call me young CEO you already know